** Ibis README **

Ibis is an open source Java grid software project of the Computer
Systems group of the Computer Science department of the Faculty of
Sciences at the Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.  The
main goal of the Ibis project is to create an efficient Java-based
platform for grid computing.

This Ibis distribution contains the Ibis advert library and and
implementations of the advert server (written in Python), provided
in "server". Also some test and benchmark files are included in 
"ibis.advert.test".

Ibis is free software. See the file "LICENSE.txt" for copying permissions.

See the file INSTALL.txt for a description of how to install ibis.
	The programmer's manual ("docs/progman.tex") contains a detailed
	description of the Advert server Programmer's interface,
	illustrated with example code fragments.

The javadoc of Ibis is available in "javadoc/index.html".

Ibis has its own web-site: http://www.cs.vu.nl/ibis/.  There, you can
find more Ibis documentation, papers, application sources.

The latest Ibis source repository tree is accessible through SVN at
"https://gforge.cs.vu.nl/svn/ibis/advert/trunk".  You need an account on
https://gforge.cs.vu.nl/ to access the repositories there. You can
create an account by clicking the 'New Account' button on the
https://gforge.cs.vu.nl/ page.

The file BUGS.txt contains information for filing bug reports.

** Third party libraries included with Ibis **

This product includes software developed by the Apache Software
Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).

The BCEL copyright notice lives in "notices/LICENSE.bcel.txt".  The
Log4J copyright notice lives in "notices/LICENSE.log4j.txt".  The
Commons copyright notice lives in notices/LICENSE.apache-2.0.txt".

This product includes jstun, which is distributed with a dual license,
one of which is version 2.0 of the Apache license. It lives in
"notices/LICENSE.apache-2.0.txt".

This product includes the UPNP library from SuperBonBon Industries. Its
license lives in "notices/LICENSE.apache-2.0.txt".

This product includes the trilead SSH-2 library. Its license
lives in "notices/LICENSE.trilead.txt".

This product includes software developed by TouchGraph LLC
(http://www.touchgraph.com/). Its license lives in
"notices/LICENSE.TG.txt".

Other included third party libraries are:
  Json-lib (http://json-lib.sourceforge.net/)
  commons-lang (http://commons.apache.org/lang/)
  commons-beanutils (http://commons.apache.org/beanutils/)
  commons-collections (http://commons.apache.org/collections/)
  EZMorph (http://ezmorph.sourceforge.net/)
  commons-codec (http://commons.apache.org/codec/)
  